whole
to be honest
lawmaker
nevertheless
worldwide
the type approval
in the terms of 
complex
is valid for

EU&Japen
UNECE standard
heavily influenceed by
this illustrated how ...
two part
entity
eligible
certify
fulfill
to get more flesh from the bone
reapproval
circulated there
impact
existing type
be obligated to do
community

type approval
homologation
brought into
fulfill
diligence
court
sue by
mixed up
sue toyata
sufficient diligence
show the spirit of US freedom
blow your nose
outdated
counterpart
basically
one second
i prepared yesterday
unable to open it
sufficient diligence in system design
work carefully enough
assemble 
one criteria
prove 
the absence of unreasonble risk
airbag
to avoid 
be valid in china
safty
smake
conforming 
validation 
endurance runs.

the third pillar
master 
certain 
example. for high system.
construction.
exclude construction site.
you need to recognize construction site.
list related of scenario which is out if ODD.
ODD limitation
foreseeable.
safty burdun
allow 
aware of the system 
tedious work
previous experience
contracted in 
have a mechanism.
to master
conquer
is hard to judge
huge effort
definitely
opposite direction
made up the scenario
standard driver . good driver . bad driver
somehow
a couple of mouth
controllable
the time is limited.
we can refer to
follow up.
these measure can be easily implement.
loud
performance laptop.
optimistic
make your own impression.
receive
https://single-market-economy.ec.europa.eu/sectors/automotive-industry/technical-harmonisation/faq-type-approval-vehicles_en
会议总结：
欧洲对新车准入，UNECE standards， 1. 新车， 供应商-->OEM-->准入机构 2. 已经存在的车的准入
1. reasonable risk. 通过流程和safety，给出证明你已经做了sufficient diligence in system design
2. unreasonable risk， 以airbag为例， 通过V&V去说明这种unreasonable risk
3. ODD recognize，你不能只是能工作在正确的ODD，系统还得能正确地去识别各种场景，告诉系统你已经脱离ODD了 