### work associates
Colleagues - 同事
Co-workers - 同事、合作伙伴
I may be ineffective in my interactions with my work associates, my spouse, or my
children because I constantly tell them what I think, but I never really listen to them.

### paralyzed 
disabled
If I were physically dependent -- paralyzed or disabled or limited in some physical way --
I would need you to help me.

## suspect
doubt
Every one of today’ most famous and familiar ideas was once unknown and unsuspected.

## to the effect that ...
Basically
Yet claims have been made to the effect that APL, Ada, Clu, C++, LOOPS, and Smalltalk are object-oriented programming languages.

## possess
have

## suffice
to be enough
Where there is no such commonality data abstraction suffices.

## exploit
use
A major problem with a language defined to exploit the techniques of data hiding, data abstraction, and
object-oriented programming is that to claim to be a general purpose programming language it must
[1] Run on traditional machines.
[2] Coexist with traditional operating systems.
[3] Compete with traditional programming languages in terms of run time efficiency.
[4] Cope with every major application area.

## faith
同义词-->trust
In economics, disbelief in secrets leads to `faith in` efficient markets.
反义词-->disbelief

## tenet
principle
but the fundamental tenet is that the market is random; you can’t know anything specific or substantive; diversification becomes supremely important.

## epitomize
represent
Finance epitomizes indefinite thinking because it’s the only way to make money when you have no idea how to create wealth.

## underrate
Underestimate
A business with a good definite plan will always be underrated in a world where people see the future as random.

## relentless
The easiest way for China to grow is to relentlessly copy what has already worked in the West.

## endeavor
effort
A startup is the largest endeavor over which you can have definite mastery.

## unjust
unfair
It begins by rejecting the unjust tyranny of Chance.

## unwind
relax


## recap
summary